So we get the basics about using vuex,
let's now have a look at how we could structure all our vuex  related code namely the code in the store.js
file with different files,
something we want to do for bigger applications because if have all the state getters, mutations and
actions in one file,
this file will quickly grow pretty big and that's something we not necessarily want.
Important, in the end of this module, you'll find a lecture or an article where I will link to further
resources and also discuss an alternative set up
to which, to the one I show you here,
the one I show you here is the one you will see in almost all official examples and so on,
so that is why I chose this one.
So for this example, we first want to use something called modules. I'll create a modules folder and in the
next video, I will explain what modules actually are.